In this vast universe
Among the many stars
In a single vast blue planet
My small feelings of love would reach
to that tiny island where you are
Time had passed since I met you
And the letters adorning our
feelings are also increasing
Someday, they will echo unnoticed in our hearts
At times violently, at times sorrowfully
They will echo faraway, into the far-off distance
This tender song will change the world
Look now
The person who you cherish
Is right beside you
I wish
for this to reach just you
Resonate, my song of love
Look now...
Resound, my song of love
You come to realise,
that even when the two of
us should walk a dark road
The moon would illuminate our days
Never letting go of your hand I've clasped
Our feelings are strong
and we vow it's for all eternity
In the depths of eternity
I will surely say the exact same words
with my feelings still the same
But those words will never cease
they will turn into tears
Then to joy
Unable to speak
I'll just embrace you
Look now
The person who you cherish
Is right beside you
I wish
for this to reach just you
Resonate, my song of love
Look now...
Resound, my song of love
If it's a dream don't wake me up
The time I've spent with you
Shall become a star
shining eternally
Look now
The person who you cherish
is right besides you
I wish
for this to reach just you
Oh resound, my song of love
Look now
the person who you cherish
Is right beside you
I wish
for this to reach just you
Resonate, my song of love
Look now...
Look now!
Resound, my song of love